Update HIP SDK installation (#132)
ROCm/rocm-install-on-windows: docs/conceptual/component-support.rst

.. _component-support:

******************************************************************************

> Supported components of ROCm

Reviewer: Perhaps:
ROCm-supported components on HIP SDK

******************************************************************************

> .. note::

Reviewer: The note shouldn't be the first thing in a topic. 
Please move after the first paragraph.

>   As of HIP SDK version >=6.4.2, HIPBlasLT is now available for Windows users, supported on gfx1101 and higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As of HIP SDK 6.4.2 (or later), HIPBlasLT is available for Windows users and supported on gfx1101 and higher.
```

Reviewer: The "and higher" seems odd here.

The HIP SDK brings a subset of ROCm to developers on Windows. The collection of features enabled on Windows
is referred to as the HIP SDK. These features allow developers to use the HIP runtime, HIP math libraries
and HIP Primitive libraries. The following table shows the differences between Windows and Linux releases.

.. csv-table::
    :widths: 40, 30, 30
    :header: "Component", "Linux", "Windows"

>     "Driver", "Radeon Software for Linux", "AMD Software Pro Edition"

Reviewer: Perhaps instead of "Radeon Software for Linux", it should be:
AMD GPU Driver.

And link it to here:
https://instinct.docs.amd.com/projects/amdgpu-docs/en/latest/index.html

>     "Compiler", "hipcc/amdclang++", "hipcc/clang++"

Reviewer: <img width="1776" height="1262" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ed478580-29c5-4639-9aa0-ea724140d6c2" />

    "Profiler", "`ROCProfiler <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocprofiler/en/latest/>`_", "`Radeon GPU Profiler <https://gpuopen.com/rgp/>`_"
    "Porting Tools", "`HIPIFY <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/HIPIFY/en/latest/>`_", "`HIPIFY <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/HIPIFY/en/latest/>`_"
    "Runtime", "`HIP <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/HIP/en/latest/>`_ (open sourced)", "`HIP <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/HIP/en/latest/>`_ (closed source)"
    "Math Libraries", "Supported", "Supported"
    "Primitives Libraries", "Supported", "Supported"
    "Communication Libraries", "Supported", "Not available"
    "AI Libraries", "`MIOpen <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/MIOpen/en/latest/>`_, `MIGraphX <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/AMDMIGraphX/en/latest/>`_", "Not available"
    "System Management", "`ROCm SMI <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocm_smi_lib/en/latest/>`_, RDC, rocminfo", "hipInfo"
    "AI Frameworks", "PyTorch, TensorFlow, etc.", "Not available"
    "CMake HIP Language", "Enabled", "Unsupported"
    "Visual Studio", "Not applicable", "Plugin available"

>     "HIP Ray Tracing", "Supported", "Supported"

Reviewer: Should this be linked to?
https://gpuopen.com/hiprt/
